
ideas:
1. post apocalyptic world, zombies have been vaccinated like dogs get vaccinated for rabbies. zombies can turn others to zombies if they bite them. they are harmless. a documentry crew follows one such zombie in his day to day life. this zombie falls in love with a goth girl.
2. story stolen by an unreliable narrator
3. an author is paranoid of his characters in his stories and imagines them trying to kill him so he decides to kill all the characters which upsets his fans
4. a film about serial killer start se mid end tak serial killer ka film. end me reveald that students were shooting it. fir a serial killer comes along who kills them in the same exact way/a way that they ridiculed

5. Write a book about a character who’s in therapy because whenever they close their eyes at night, they see (very vividly) someone’s tragic death. Some say it’s just their twisted imagination, their new therapist thinks it is something much, much different…and dangerous. if he closes his eyes someone dies so he tries to stay awake and end me kills himself but everyone dies
6. Write about a dare. That’s how it all started, like all those horror movies your main character loves. They venture into that basement from the outside with confidence…only to discover two kids and a decaying body chained up. Now they have to make sure they don’t get caught. The hidden camera on the basement stairs doesn’t help with that. mc gets paranoid thinks that someone is following her jabki nothing is happening. starts with "a dare that changed by life for the next 28 years"
7. Write about how after wandering into a brand-new book store, your character thoroughly enjoys the last few books they’ve read. When they go to buy another, the owner recommends a very specific book. They start reading only to realize it’s about that very town, 50 years earlier, about a book shop owner who preys on customers.
8. Write about how the painting that’s been in your character’s home for over 50 years starts screaming. Write about how all the pictures of your character and their sister go missing from their home…one by one. Witnessing someone’s descent into madness is something your character never thought they’d experience. It soon becomes increasingly clear that they might not witness it in its entirety.

1. zombie documentry
2. Indian mythology based kane esque film
3. chitman esque wholesome film(charlie chaplin/wes anderson)

lighhouse:
35 mm, black and white, 4:3
takes scenes from old black and white films
5222 filmstock used
orthochromatic look(blue,green,ultracciolet but not red)
things can jump out of frame like in oz the powerful and life of pi
sound design to give atmosphere
