FILM: Zodiac
Setting: Graysmith has followed the clues to find the serial killer called Zodiac. He doesn't know how Zodiac looks. 
But he has a lead- a Zodiac suspect used to make posters for a cinema which was owed by Vaughn. He visits Vaughn's place to see if he can get the posters for handwriting tests.

Graysmith followed Vaughn through the door of his house and into his cluttered living room.
As they both enter, Vaughn turns back and locks the door from the inside with a key. He has a warm smile on his face. 
Graysmith is truly happy to be able to get a clue for the Zodiac case. He is greatfull to Vaughn for inviting him over.
Vaughn takes a seat in an easy chair. Graysmith clears some magazines off the couch and sits across from him.
"How many times have you run the film 'The Most Dangerous Game' somewhere around 1969?", Graysmith comes straight to the point.
"I will have to check my records. Why do you ask?", Vaughn questions.
"You remember the Zodiac Killer?", Graysmith asks with a straight face. Who doesn't remember the Zodiac killer? The serial killer who rocked American media for years.
Vaughn's face darkens. He knows something about it.
"This is about Rick Marshall, isn't it?", Vaughn replies with a dejected voice. "He used to work for me as a projectionist before he left", he continues.
"What about the movie posters?", Graysmith asks expecting an answer that can provide a solid clue for the case.
The handwriting expert found a match on the movie poster with the letters that zodiac had sent to the police describing his killings. It was the closest match they had. 
RIck Marshall- one of the main suspect worked there. How likely could this be? Can he really be the Zodiac killer? Can this be the final step to finding the Zodiac killer?
"What about the posters? Why do you ask", Vaughn questions. He doesn't seem confused about the question.
Graysmith fumbles out a poster from his bag. 
"The handwriting on the posters was the closest match we had to the Zodiac letters! The expert wants some more of these samples to confirm it. This could be the huge lead in the case!", Graysmith says with excitment. 
He's like a child who's finally going to get the videogame he so much wanted to play.
"Rick never drew the posters.", Vaughn kills the glimmer of hope inside Graysmith with this one line.
"No, no he drew this one.", Graysmith tries to defend himself. As if he's saying, don't take this hope away from me.
"Mr. Graysmith, I drew the posters myself. This is my handwriting on it.", Vaughn says this with a smile. 
Graysmith's heart stops. Awful timing. This is the first time he realises the envirnment he is in. He is in a stranger's house, unarmed and the door? Locked from inside.

